Improve the 'first' documentation. (#4)
beaker/docs: docs/first/install.md

2. When prompted for the Beaker address, enter https://beaker.org

> 3. When prompted for the user token, enter your token. Your token is available from your **Settings** at [Beaker.org](https://beaker.org). To find it, when signed in to Beaker, from the top-right corner click your **user name**, **Settings**.

Reviewer: A link to `https://beaker.org/user` could be helpful here.  It's nice to have the navigation instructions, but also really helpful to be able to just click for quick onboarding.

For example:

```
Beaker Configuration

Press enter to keep the current value of any setting.
Results will be saved to /Users/username/.beaker

Beaker address [https://api.beaker.org]: ⏎
User token []: <your token>⏎

> ```

Reviewer: Same feedback on this example.

Authenticated as user: "<your username>" (<your id>)
```

## Docker

> You must install Docker to use Beaker, because Beaker is manages experiment code using Docker containers.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You must install Docker to use Beaker, because Beaker packages experiment code using Docker containers.
```
